Update tutorial-data-science-prepare-system.md (#30)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/data-science/tutorial-data-science-prepare-system.md

We utilize the notebook item in the Data Science experience to demonstrate various Fabric capabilities. The notebooks are available as Jupyter notebook files that can be imported to your Fabric-enabled workspace.

> 1. Ensuring that you are downloading the notebooks(.ipynb) files as raw, download the notebooks(.ipynb) files for this tutorial from the parent folder [Data Science Tutorial Source Code](https://github.com/microsoft/fabric-samples/tree/main/docs-samples/data-science/data-science-tutorial).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the notebook(.ipynb) files for this tutorial from the parent folder: [Data Science Tutorial Source Code](https://github.com/microsoft/fabric-samples/tree/main/docs-samples/data-science/data-science-tutorial). Make sure to download the files by using the "Raw" file link in GitHub.
```

> 1. Ensuring that you are downloading the notebooks(.ipynb) files as raw, download the notebooks(.ipynb) files for this tutorial from the parent folder [Data Science Tutorial Source Code](https://github.com/microsoft/fabric-samples/tree/main/docs-samples/data-science/data-science-tutorial).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the notebook(.ipynb) files for this tutorial from the parent folder: [Data Science Tutorial Source Code](https://github.com/microsoft/fabric-samples/tree/main/docs-samples/data-science/data-science-tutorial). Make sure to download the files by using the "Raw" file link in GitHub.
```

Reviewer: @farukc please accept my text changes and sign off
